Documention demo apps (#17)
osoc24/doco: toco/doctorapp/index.md

# DoctorApp

> MockBook is a social network that allows users to view their posts.

Reviewer: Copypasta tsk tsk tsk

> MockBook is a social network that allows users to view their posts.

Reviewer 2: title says DoctorApp, breadcrumbs say Doctorapp, page says Mockbook?

> The goal is to showcase how changing the permissions in Loama can affect the app in accessing the resources.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The goal is to showcase how changing the permissions in Loama can affect how resources are accessed by the app.
```

It currently displays the following information:

- Profile information: name, email, bio, profile picture

> - posts: text, image, video

Reviewer 2: either capitalize both or none of them for consistency :)

All data is retrieved from the user's pod using the functions provided by the [Loama controller](/deliverables/controller.md).
You can find the current limitations of the app in the [limitations](#current-limitations) section.

## How to run?

> Before running the application, make sure you have the code of Loama in the same folder as you have for this repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before running the application, make sure you have the code of Loama in the same directory as this repository.
```
